perf: add Resource Set ID to CMS View Context REST calls (#2060)
intershop/intershop-pwa: docs/concepts/cms-integration.md

> The default view contexts are examples for demonstration purposes that could be used in the same way in a customer project.
> It is advised, however, to evaluate which view contexts are indeed needed in the project and to activate those accordingly, or to create the ones that meet the project requirements even better.

### View Context Requests with Resource Set ID

The REST requests to ICM to get CMS view context data are more performant if a resource set ID is provided.

Without resource set ID, the request is less performant due to expensive cartridge lookups:

```
/cms/viewcontexts/viewcontext.include.product.base.top/entrypoint?Product=201807181
```

With resource set ID, the request is more performant when the view context model cartridge is provided:

```
/cms/viewcontexts/viewcontext.include.product.base.top@app_sf_base_cm/entrypoint?Product=201807181
```

With PWA 11.0.0, the Intershop PWA automatically adds the resource set ID to view context REST requests via configured `defaultResourceSetId` defined at the [`CMSService`](../../src/app/core/services/cms/cms.service.ts).

> The default resource set ID is configured to the standard ICM cartridge name that contains the defining view context models: `app_sf_base_cm`.

Reviewer: Here a verb seems to be missing (e.g., use/match/point to?). Maybe you meant any of these?
Please also check if my suggested wording changes the intended content.

```suggestion
The default resource set ID is configured to match the name of the standard ICM cartridge that contains the view context model definitions: `app_sf_base_cm`.
```

The resource set ID can be overridden at the individual view context inclusion by providing the `resourceSetId` input parameter at the `ish-content-viewcontext` component.

```html
<ish-content-viewcontext
  viewContextId="viewcontext.include.product.base.top"
  [callParameters]="{ Product: product.sku }"
  resourceSetId="custom_cartridge_name"
/>
```

If `app_sf_base_cm` is not the correct resource set ID for the view contexts used in the project, you can also change the `defaultResourceSetId` at the `CMSService` to avoid adding the `resourceSetId` input parameter to every `ish-content-viewcontext` usage.

> [!NOTE]

> > Using view context REST requests with the added resource set ID requires ICM 12.1.0.

Reviewer: Maybe you want to be clear that this is not the only version in which this works:
```suggestion
> Using view context REST requests with the added resource set ID requires ICM 12.1.0 or later.
```
